Docs/describe request middleware (#1636)
reimagined/resolve: docs/api-reference.md

var resolver = useOriginResolver()
var commandApiPath = resolver('/api/commands')
```

### Request Middleware

The [resolve-client](#resolve-client-library) and [resolve-react-hooks](#resolve-react-hooks-library) libraries allow you to use request middleware to extend the client's functionality. Middleware implements intermediate logic that can modify the response object or handle errors before they are passed to the callback function.

Use a command's or query's `middleware` option to specify middleware:

#### resolve-client:

```js
client.query(
  {
    name: "MyReadModel",
    resolver: "all"
  },
  {
    middleware: {
      response: [
        // An array of middleware that runs on server response
        createMyResponseMiddleware({
          // Middleware options
        }),
        ...
      ],
      error: [

>         // An array of middleware that runs on server error

Reviewer: Do you mean 
```suggestion
        // An array of middleware that runs when there is a server error
```

        createMyErrorMiddleware({
          // Middleware options
        }),
        ...
      ]
    }
  },
  (error, result) => {
    ...
  }
})
```

#### resolve-react-hooks:

```js
const myQuery = useQuery(
  {
    name: 'MyReadModel',
    resolver: 'all'
  },
  {
    middleware: {
      response: [
        // An array of middleware that runs on server response
        createMyResponseMiddleware({
          // Middleware options
        }),
        ...
      ]
      error: [
        // An array of middleware that runs on server error
        createMyErrorMiddleware({
          // Middleware options
        }),
        ...
      ]
    }
  },
  (error, result) => {
    ...
  }
```

> If you use multiple middleware functions, they run in the order that they are specified in the options object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple middleware functions are run in the order they are specified in the options object.
```

#### Available Middlewares

This section lists request middleware included into the resolve-client package. The following middleware is available:

| Name                | Description                                                 |
| ------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- |
| [parseResponse]()   | Deserializes the response data if it contains valid JSON.   |
| [retryOnError]()    | Retries the request if the server responds with an error.   |

> | [waitForResponse]() | Validates the response and retries if the validation fails. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [waitForResponse]() | Validates the response and retries if validation fails. |
```

Reviewer: Retries what?

##### parseResponse

Deserializes the response data if it contains valid JSON. If the data is not JSON, the original string is kept. Initialized by the `createParseResponseMiddleware` factory function.

> This middleware takes no options. You can add it to a request as shown below:

Reviewer: How can something 'take' options?

Author: Changed to "has no options"

Reviewer: Ok

```js
import { createParseResponseMiddleware } from 'resolve-client'
...

const { data } = await client.query(
  {
    name: 'articles',
    resolver: 'all'
  },
  {
    middleware: {
      response: [createParseResponseMiddleware()]
    }
  }
)
```

##### retryOnError

Retries the request if the server responds with an error. Initialized by the `createRetryOnErrorMiddleware` factory function.

> The `retryOnError` middleware takes the following options:

Reviewer: How can something take an option?

Author: Changed to 'has the following options'

Reviewer: Ok

| Option Name | Description                                                          |
| ----------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | attempts    | The number of retries on error.                                      |

Reviewer: Why 'on' error?

Author: Changed to "The number of retries if the server responds with an error. "

Reviewer: Ok

| errors      | An array of error codes that are allowed to trigger a retry.         |
| debug       | If set to `true`, the middleware logs errors to the browser console. |

> | period      | A time period to wait between retries specified in milliseconds.     |

Reviewer: See the comment below

Author: Changed according to your edit in other section:
| debug       | If set to `true`, the middleware logs errors in the browser console. |
| period       | The time between retries specified in milliseconds.                         |

You can add the `retryOnError` middleware to a request as shown below:

```js
import { createRetryOnErrorMiddleware } from 'resolve-client'
...

client.command(
  {
    aggregateName: 'Chat',
    type: 'postMessage',
    aggregateId: userName,
    payload: message
  },
  {
    middleware: {
      error: [
        createRetryOnErrorMiddleware({
          attempts: 3,
          errors: [500],
          debug: true,
          period: 500
        })
      ]
    }
  },
  err => {
    if (err) {
      console.warn(`Error while sending command: ${err}`)
    }
  }
)
```

##### waitForResponse

> Validates the response and retries if the validation fails. This allows you to check whether the response contains the latest data and, if it does not, wait for a Read Model to update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Validates the response and retries if validation fails. This allows you to check whether the response contains the latest data or wait for the Read Model to update.
```

Initialized by the `createWaitForResponseMiddleware` factory function.

The `waitForResponse` middleware takes the following options:

| Option Name | Description                                                          |
| ----------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | attempts    | The number of retries on validation error.                           |

Reviewer: "retries on validation error" What do you mean when you say 'on' validation error?

Author: Changed to "The number of retries if validation fails.  "

> | debug       | If set to `true`, the middleware logs errors to the browser console. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| debug       | If set to `true`, the middleware logs errors in the browser console. |
```

> | period      | A time period to wait between retries specified in milliseconds.     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| period      | The time between retries specified in milliseconds.     |
```

| validator   | An async function that validates the response.                       |

You can add the `retryOnError` middleware to a request as shown below:

```js
import { createWaitForResponseMiddleware } from 'resolve-client'
...

const { data } = await client.query(
  {
    name: 'users',
    resolver: 'userById',
    args: {
      id: userId
    }
  },
  {
    middleware: {
      response: [
        createWaitForResponseMiddleware({
          attempts: 3,
          debug: true,
          period: 1,
          validator: async (response, confirm) => {
            if (response.ok) {
              const result = await response.json()
              if (result.data[userId]) {
                confirm(result)
              }
            }
          }
        })
      ]
    }
  }
)
```

#### Implement Custom Middleware

You can define custom middleware as follows:

```js
const myMiddleware = async (
  options, // Options passed to the factory function.
  response, // The second argument is either a response or error.

>   params // Contains API that you can use in your middleware implementation. See the API table below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  params // Contains API you can use in your middleware implementation. See the API table below.
```

) => {
  // Put your middleware logic here
}

// Export the factory function.
export const createMyMiddleware = (options) =>
  waitForResponse.bind(null, options)
```

The `params` object exposes the following API:

| Field Name   | Description                                                                      |
| ------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | fetch        | A JavaScript fetch function that you can use to perform arbitrary HTTP requests. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| fetch        | A JavaScript fetch function you can use to perform arbitrary HTTP requests. |
```

| info         | An object that describes the current request.                                    |
| init         | An object that is the fetch function's `init` parameter.                         |

> | repeat       | A function that you can call to repeat the current request.                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| repeat       | A function you can call to repeat the current request.                      |
```

| end          | Call this function to commit the middleware execution result or error.           |
| state        | A state object passed between middleware functions.                              |

> | deserializer | Given a string, returns a deserealized object.                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| deserializer | Returns a deserealized object from a string.                                   |
```
